= RELEASE HISTORY

== 2.0.0 / 2012-05-11

This is a huge release for Hashery which both culls some of it's
less fitting classes and modules while greatly improving the remaining.
The first and most immediate change with this release is that it 
finally uses a proper namespace. All classes and modules are now 
appropriately kept in the `Hashery` namespace. To get the old behavior 
you can `include Hashery` as the toplevel.

Changes:

* Use proper Hashery namespace.
* Add CRUDHash, which also serves a good base class.
* Improved OpenHash to be nearly 100% open.
* Deprecate BasicStruct, as it would be better to improve OpenStruct.
* Deprecate BasicCascade, though it never really came to be.
* Deprecate BasicObject emulator, as it is no longer needed.
* Deprecate Memoizer, not sure how that got in here anyway.
* Deprecate Ostructable, which can be paired up with better OpenStruct.
* Removed open_object.rb, which has long been deprecated.


== 1.5.1 / 2012-05-09

This release adds transformative #each method to OpenCascade, to
ensure #each returns an OpenCascade. Also, BasicCascade has been
added that is like OpenCascade by fully open by use of BasicObject
as a base class.

Changes:

* Fix OpenCascade#each (porecreat).
* Introduce BasicCascade class.
* Renamed `Ini` class to `IniHash` class.


== 1.5.0 / 2011-11-10

In this release, CoreExt module has been addeed to encapsulate
methods that extend Ruby's core Hash class (there are only a few).
Presently these are only loaded when using `require 'hashery'`.
If you are cherry-picking from Hashery but still want the core
extensions, you need to use `require 'hasery/core_ext'` first.
In addition, BasicStruct class now has a #key method. And finally
this release switches licensing to BSD 2-Clause.

Changes:

* Use CoreExt mixin for core Hash extensions.
* Add BasicStruct#key method (b/c #index is deprecated in Ruby 1.9).
* Deprecate SparseArray class.
* Switch license to BSD-2-Clause license.


== 1.4.0 / 2011-01-19

This release includes a copy of Ruby Facets' BasicObject class, which
fixes the loading bug of the previous version. This release also renames
OpenObject to BasicStruct, which is a much better destription of what the
class actually provides.

Changes:

* Rename OpenObject to BasicStruct.
* Fix basicobject.rb loading issue.


== 1.3.0 / 2010-10-01

This release fixes a minor bug in CastingHash and adds a new
PropertyHash class.

Changes:

* 1 New Library

  * Added PropertyHash

* 1 Bug Fix

  * Fixed CastingHash#new where #to_proc is called against NilClass


== 1.2.0 / 2010-06-04

This release makes two signifficant changes to the Hashery.
First, we have a new shiny library called FuzzyHash by
Joshua Hull. It's a cool idea that allows hash keys to be
regular expressions. Secondly, OpenCascade is now a subclass
of OpenHash rather than OpenObject (to go along with the
changes of the last release), and it now support cascading
within Arrays.

Changes:

* 1 New Library

  * FuzzyHash by Joshua Hull

* 1 Major Enhancement

  * OpenCascade subclasses OpenHash and handles Array cascading.


== 1.1.0 / 2010-04-28

A follow-up release of Hashery that adds two new libraries:
Association and SparseArray. Both of these may seem like odd
entries, but they each belong in a unique way. An Association
is akin to a single entry Hash --it represents a pairing.
While a SpareArray, though compatible with the Array class,
is completely under-pinned by a Hash in order to make it
effcient when no ebtries are given for a set of indexes,
hence "sparse".

Changes:

* 2 New Libraries

  * Added association.rb
  * Added sparsearray.rb


== 1.0.0 / 2010-04-21

This is the first release of the Facets Hashery.
Most of included classes come directly from Ruby
Facets, so they have been around a while and are
in good working condition.

Some improvements are planned for the next release.
In particular the OrderHash and Dictionary, which
presently have essentially the same coding, will
diverge to target slightly different use cases.

Changes:

* Happy Birthday!

