= Hashery


== RESOURCES

* {Homepage}[http://rubyworks.github.com/hashery]
* {Development}[http://github.com/rubyworks/hashery]


== DESCRIPTION

Among Ruby Facets most common additions were an assortment
of Hash-like classes. To better support this collection
of libraries it was deemed prudent to create a side project
specifically for them. Hence the "Facets" Hashery.

Included in this collection are the widely used OrderedHash, 
the related but more featured Dictionary class, a number
of _open_ classes, similar to the standard OpenStruct, 
plus a few variations of the standard Hash and a few
other yummy morsels.


== RELEASE NOTES

Please see the HISTORY file.


== HOW TO USE

For usage information, see the individual library files included
in this collection.


== HOW TO INSTALL

To install with RubyGems simply open a console and type:

  $ sudo gem install hashery

Tarball packages are available for manual site installations
via {Ruby Setup}[http://proutils.github.com/setup].


== AUTHORS

Developers whose code has contributed the project include:

* Kirk Haines
* Joshua Hull
* Robert Klemme
* Jan Molic
* George Moschovitis
* Jeena Paradies
* Erik Veenstra


== CONTRIBUTE

Don't be a lump on a log. See an issue? Have a suggestion? Want to help?
Well git in there!

=== Testing

Hashery use QED[http://rubyworks.github.com/qed] and (the more experimental)
Lemon[http://rubyworks.github.com/lemon] test frameworks. Both are used 
in nearly the same fashion:

  $ qed -Ilib qed/

And

  $ lemon -Ilib test/

=== Patches

Hashery repository is hosted on GitHub[http://github.com/rubyworks/hashery].
If you'd like to offer up a fix or feature change then fork the repo and 
submit a pull request (preferably in a topic branch). I assume you have heard
all the talk about proper etiquette, so I won't bugger you with it yet
again.

=== Donations

Yea, we FOSS programmers need to eat too ;) No, seriously any help can offer
goes a long way toward continued development of Rubyworks projects, including
Hashery. See Rubyworks[http://rubyworks.github.com].


== COPYRIGHT/LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2010 Thomas Sawyer

Licensed under the BSD 2-clause License.

See COPYING.rdoc file for further details.

Some libraries included in the Hashery have special copyrights
attributing specific authors. Please see each library script for
specifics.

